Use rocBLAS by default for gfx90a instead of hipBLASLt (#3828)
ROCm/AMDMIGraphX: docs/dev/env_vars.rst

Set to "1", "enable", "enabled", "yes", or "true" to use.
Disables use of the rocMLIR library.

.. envvar:: MIGRAPHX_ENABLE_HIPBLASLT_GEMM

> Set to "1", "enable", "enabled", "yes", or "true" to use.

Reviewer: This should be kept as simple as possible, especially since the audience may be putting this through a translator.

I see that above it there's another var with the same format.

May I recommend that regardless what the code accepts as an input, that it be limited to "1" or "true"?

Is "true" case sensitive?

I also recommend putting this in the changelog.

```suggestion
Set to ``1`` or ``true`` to enable hipBLASLt GEMM on all architectures.
```

Author: Used on env variable with two inputs, either 1 or 2.

Author: Updated.

> Enables use of hipBLASLt for all architectures.

Reviewer: combined with the line above.

> 

Reviewer: This is really confusing since the var is called "disable" but to disable you set it to enable.

```
MIGRAPHX_DISABLE_HIPBLASLT_GEMM
Set to "1", "enable", "enabled", "yes", or "true" to use.
Disables use of hipBLASLt.
```

I recommend:

```
MIGRAPHX_DISABLE_HIPBLASLT_GEMM
Set to ``1`` or ``true to disable hipBLASLt.
```

Author: Done.

Reviewer 2: There is plenty of user confusion for two env vars: `MIGRAPHX_ENABLE_HIPBLASLT_GEMM` and `MIGRAPHX_DISABLE_HIPBLASLT_GEMM`.

One says _Enables use of hipBLASLt for all architectures._ The other says _Disables use of hipBLASLt._

Author: Updated to use one env variable.

Author: I had a discussion with @lakhinderwalia regarding the env variable and the consensus we reached was to use `MIGRAPHX_ENABLE_HIPBLASLT_GEMM` since we have exposed that variable name in 6.3 release: https://github.com/ROCm/AMDMIGraphX/blob/develop/CHANGELOG.md#migraphx-211-for-rocm-630.

@CharlieL7 On an earlier [PR](https://github.com/ROCm/AMDMIGraphX/pull/3783), you [mentioned](https://github.com/ROCm/AMDMIGraphX/pull/3783#pullrequestreview-2584726670) changing the variable name, so wanted to bring you in the loop for this.

I am planning to change the name back to `MIGRAPHX_ENABLE_HIPBLASLT_GEMM`.
 `MIGRAPHX_ENABLE_HIPBLASLT_GEMM = 0 ... to use rocBLAS.`
 `MIGRAPHX_ENABLE_HIPBLASLT_GEMM = 1 ... to use hipBLASLt.`
 
 Please let me know if you have any concerns.

Reviewer 3: So is it going to be SET_GEMM_PROVIDER or ENABLE_HIPBLASLT_GEMM? Either is fine, but SET_GEMM_PROVIDER looks more intuitive to me

Author: Its going to be `ENABLE_HIPBLASLT_GEMM` (since we have already exposed that in the Changelog in 6.3).

I also find `SET_GEMM_PROVIDER` more intuitive, we could go with it if it were not for the idea of keeping the same env variable that has been exposed earlier.

Author: @CharlieL7 After Chris's feedback, we are good to go with `MIGRAPHX_SET_GEMM_PROVIDER`. Need a review though :).

Author: Updated env variable to:
```
MIGRAPHX_SET_GEMM_PROVIDER
  Set to "hipblaslt" to use hipBLASLt.
  Set to "rocblas" to use rocBLAS.
```
